Splunk token authentication (#11846)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/Integrations/SplunkPy/SplunkPy_description.md

Use the SplunkPy integration to fetch incidents from Splunk ES, and query results by SID.

> To use Splunk token authentication, set the Username to `_token` and set the Password to `$TOKEN_VALUE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Splunk token authentication, enter the text: `_token` to the **Username** field and your token value in the **Password** field.
```
BTW why `_token` and not `token`?

Author: as @glicht requested https://github.com/demisto/etc/issues/33995#issuecomment-800964142

> To use Splunk token authentication, enter the text: `_token` to the **Username** field and your token value to the **Password** field.

Reviewer 2: maybe you should add an explanation about how to get the token from splunk's side?
